This webinar will cover 4 major aspects of data – Data as an asset, Understanding Analytics, the current trends in analytics and general business opportunities. You’ll receive insights on topics like how to govern and manage data, different types of analytics and it’s importance/ impact in today’s world.
Company Overview: Dyne Therapeutics is a clinical-stage muscle disease company focused on advancing innovative life-transforming therapeutics for people living with genetically driven diseases. With its proprietary FORCE™ platform, Dyne is developing modern oligonucleotide therapeutics that are designed to overcome limitations in delivery to muscle tissue. Dyne has a broad pipeline for serious muscle diseases, including clinical programs for myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1) and Duchenne muscular…
Data Analysts will be responsible for analyzing and problem solving as its relates to data, types of data, metadata, and relationships among data elements within a business system or IT system. This role interacts with end users and reporting analysts to understand key data entities and data structures in capturing detailed data requirements. They will identify correlations between raw enterprise data and management, so data extraction, analysis and transformations are used as actionable intell…
Job Description Data Analyst Job Location: New York or Boston About Us: We are a leading financial institution committed to delivering exceptional banking services and fostering innovation. Our dynamic team is expanding, and we're seeking a talented Data Analyst to join us in leveraging data for informed decision-making and continuous improvement. Job Description: We're in search of a skilled Data Analyst who can transform raw data into actionable insights using SQL, Power BI, and Tableau. Your…
Data Analysts will be responsible for analyzing and problem solving as its relates to data, types of data, metadata, and relationships among data elements within a business system or IT system. This role interacts with end users and reporting analysts to understand key data entities and data structures in capturing detailed data requirements. They will identify correlations between raw enterprise data and management, so data extraction, analysis and transformations are used as actionable intell…
Data Analyst – IV Qualifications: Knowledge, Skills and Experience Required: • Understanding of MS Project Server/Online • Proven success in executing large, complex, multi-year projects • Excellent organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skills • Collaborative team player, capable of working well with others, but also autonomously with little direction • Detailed-oriented • Familiarity with PMI / Federal Reserve PAF principles is desired • Comfortable working in a virtual environmen…
Department BSD MED - Hematology and Oncology - Garassino Research Staff About the Department The Section of Hematology/Oncology has a proud and long tradition of excellence in research-based patient care and clinical discovery. Ranked among the finest cancer programs in the country, the Section is comprised of nationally and internationally known faculty with expertise in all major types of malignancies, blood disorders, and experimental therapies. Job Summary Dr. Garassino’s group is seeking a…
Department BSD MED - Genetic Medicine - Im Research Staff About the Department The Section of Genetic Medicine continues to shape the future of personalized medicine with successful research programs focused on the quantitative genetic and genomic science. The Section provides extremely valuable collaborations with investigators in the Department of Medicine who are seeking to develop new and more powerful ways to identify genetic risk factors for common, complex disorders with almost immediate…
LOCATION:BOSTON, MA Will generate Conceptual and Logical Data Models using SAP Power-Designer and ERWIN and walk the models through business Users to ensure all the Entities and attributes are captured. Conduct SQL data analytics using MS SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) across different projects with diverse scope, sophisticated business and technical requirements in a multi-platform and highly coordinated data environment. Create Physical Data Models in SAP Power-Designer and ERWIN from th…
NetApp’s Active IQ Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning power of predictive and prescriptive analytics enables customers and partners to automate data center operations and achieve extremely low total cost of ownership and avoid issues before they become a reality. Today, 98% of technical issues with NetApp products are automatically identified by Active IQ with prescriptive steps to avoid the issue – and we simply want to do better and more. Every day, one-half million active IOT end p…
Position Overview: We are looking for an Analyst to work in in collaboration with the Research, Portfolio Management and Data teams to develop and implement new models, architect solutions and build powerful analytic tools. This is an exceptional opportunity to help build out alpha, risk and portfolio analysis systems at Acadian as part of an entrepreneurial team. The successful candidate will be integral to developing the platform and infrastructure for quantitative models used in Acadian’s eq…
Marketing Data Analyst RSA Conference™ is the premier series of global events and year-round learning for the cybersecurity community. RSAC is where the security industry converges to discuss current and future concerns and have access to the experts, unbiased content and ideas that help enable individuals and companies advance their cybersecurity posture and build stronger and smarter teams. Both in-person and online, RSAC brings the cybersecurity industry together and empowers the collective …
ADP is looking for a Data Analyst to join our team in our Boston office. The Data Analyst is responsible for managing our master data set and developing respective reports/visualizations. The ideal person for this position has an exceptional eye for detail, expertise as a data analyst, and a solid understanding of popular data analysis tools. He/she will work closely with product owners across various lines of business to understand the objectives of the organization and prioritize any requirem…
Job Title: Senior Data Analyst Company: Grand Circle LLC Location: Boston, MA Job Type: Full-time (Hybrid - 3 days in office) We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Sr. Data Analyst to contribute to the development of cutting-edge solutions. If you are passionate about pushing the boundaries of technology and solving complex problems, we want to hear from you Job Description: As a Sr. Data Analyst on our Digital Analytics Department at Grand Circle LLC you will play a crucial role in Del…
Academy Data Analyst - Part-time Boston Bolts Overview The Boston Bolts possess more than 38 years of experience in bringing the world’s game to communities across Massachusetts. In addition to overseeing youth teams across a full developmental pathway, the Boston Bolts participate in the USL, the largest and fastest-growing professional soccer organization in North America, with a team in the USL League Two. The Boston Bolts are a growing organization that looks for team members to grow with i…
Karen Clark & Company seeks a Senior Data Analyst to join our consulting team in our Downtown Boston office. Senior Data Analysts support complex consulting projects and partake in the extensive validation and finalization process of KCC's catastrophe computer models, as well as developing internal tools and automations. As a Senior Data Analyst, you will work closely with the consulting, software development, and model development teams to ensure that our models are meeting the needs of the cl…
Title: Technical Data Analyst Technical Data Analyst KBR, in support of the Volpe Center's Mission IT Support (MITS) Services program, has several openings to support new FMCSA work. We are seeking a Technical Data Analyst that demonstrates experience in the analysis of user needs and the development of functional and non-functional requirements for web-based applications for the US Department of Transportation (DOT). Candidate must be able to obtain Public Trust Clearance. This position requir…
POSITION SUMMARY: Under the general direction of the Manager or designee, the Pharmacy Data Analyst will develop data analyses for assigned projects and develop/deliver all related reports. This position will provide information to leadership regarding pharmacy claims, rebates, and opportunities to enhance analyses, system integration and related databases. The Pharmacy Data Analyst will utilize subject matter expertise as well as exceptional analytic skills to deliver analytic products that me…
Senior Data Analyst - Job Number: 24293 - Functional Area: Data Analysis - Department: Technology Review - School Area: Libraries, MIT Press, Tech Review - Employment Type: Full-time (Hybrid) - Employment Category: Exempt - Visa Sponsorship Available: No - Schedule: Email a Friend Save Save Apply Now Job Description SENIOR DATA ANALYST, MIT Technology Review (TR), to support TR's analytic needs by owning data analysis and reporting and providing actionable insights and recommendations to severa…
Job Description Job Description Title: Sr. Data Analyst Location: 1 Post Office Square, Boston-MA Duration: 12 months Position Overview: The Data Analyst works as part of the Data Platform Team within the Data & Analytics Group. The primary responsibilities are to analyze enterprise and vendor datasets, understand data characteristics and methodologies, and collaborate across business and technology teams to manage data onboarding and data lifecycle. The analyst will work on analyzing data prof…
